# Quantum Annealing
## Introduction
Optimization indeed plays an indispensable role in any machine learning and deep learning algorithms. As the post-quantum computing era's surge, quantum computers' computational power becomes more dominant in diverse computing problems; quantum machine learning and quantum deep learning (QML/QDL) have drawn unprecedented attention research community. Unlike classical approaches, QML/QDL requires a distinct optimization strategy called quantum annealing (QA), also known as alloy, crystallization, or tempering. This blog will introduce the fundamental physic problem that motivates quadratic unconstrained binary optimization (QUBO) and its quantum solution in Section 3. Moreover, a brief survey on the advantage of QA will be addressed in Section 2, followed by several potential research directions, which will be discussed in Section 3.

## Background
### Ising Model and Quadratic Unconstrained Binary Optimization (QUBO)
Classical Ising model: We start the section by introducing the spin system, an example of classical statistical mechanics. The system is a two-state-system, illustrated by magnets having Northface pointing up or Southface pointing up. FIGURE~\ref{} depicts the most simple design for the spin system, where each magnet is assigned to a random variable $$\sigma_i$$ and in the case of North face pointing up, we assign a value \(+1\), otherwise \(-1\). Thus, the system's energy, also known as Hamiltonian, is \(\sigma_1 \sigma_2\). We naturally desire to minimize the energy of the system. Now, if we add one more magnet to the system by the nearest neighbor of the second magnet, the energy becomes $\sigma_1 \sigma_2 + \sigma_2 \sigma_3$. Generally, let \[\{i,j\}\] be the nearest neighbor pair of magnets, the Hamiltonian of the system is $H = \sum_{\{i,j\}}\sigma_i \sigma_j$. We can make this optimization problem more generalized by making it more complicated. In the expanded experiment, we input an obstacle or an amplifier between an individual pair of magnets, causing a change in the strength of the interaction between them. This leads to a new Hamiltonian $H = \sum_{\{i,j\}} \alpha_{i,j} \sigma_i \sigma_j$, where coefficients $\ahpha_{i,j}$ models the strength of interactions. Furthermore, we add an external strong magnetic field below each magnet, influencing the interaction. As a result, the final energy is as follows 
